hi this is of Hashanah and this is OFM G
quad 8 octa the giant octa-core folding
frame we have built this machine for one
of our customer in Saudi Arabia this is
a simple introduction at the moment this
octa is set in i8 configuration so if we
look at it from behind the yellow strips
are the forward section so
that is quad configurations surplus and
quad configurations together make an
octa why I call it plus and quad
configuration because it's very easy to
understand how to mount props and which
way the motors are spinning so if you
look at the cross that's your one three
five seven okay those are your one three
five seven motors or ESS so in the cross
they will spin counterclockwise okay all
will spin in counterclockwise and in X
they will spin clockwise because this is
2 4 6 8 2 4 6 8 they will spin clockwise
so cross counterclockwise and X is
clockwise spinning very easy to remember
and very easy to set up the eye 8
configuration
now even a kid can assemble this frame
because most of the parts just come
assembled all you need to do is put the
arms in and set the landing gear on it
folding mechanism is really easy to set
basically if you see here this piece is
actually this piece is actually fixed
right now it cannot move because there's
a screw in here the lock nut but if you
remove this screw this whole arm of a
fall down so it will fold down okay
so this is very very easy this piece
here is actually simply holding it here
similarly all the arms have same
mechanism and the landing gear
this is screw opens and the whole
landing gear comes up here and then the
whole arm actually folds down here she
preparing the frame is basically a piece
of cake even a kid can prepare it as I
say though for the convenience of my
customer I have marked all the EECS as
with their numbers so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
80s they are all connected to their
corresponding motors and all the ESC is
are connected let me move down the
middle and if you look under here all
the EEOC's are connected on a Power
Distribution board so all you need to do
is red goes to plus black goes to minus
so if you happen to have one ESC become
bad or a few es es you can actually
easily replace the ears or even you want
to change them to 50 60 amp ESC is at
the moment therefore ta you can easily
replace it replace the EEOC's by just
plugging the red red black to black ok
these cables power cables coming out
from the esc s here red and black they
will go to power distribution black and
red and the three cables from the front
of the esc s will connect to the motors
three cables and after that you just
need to make sure your motor spins in
the right direction wkm the current
fermium from where now gives a very good
tool for motor testing so you can always
test if all the motors are spinning in
the right direction now how to connect
the WTM how to program it and how to
program your Futaba 10 CG radio system I
already have a very detailed video
posted recently now let me put the
camera on the tripod and show how to try
campus calibrate how to calibrate the
compass and GPS on this machine because
it's the very first time I'm going to
fly them with the three s nine thousand
milliamp batteries two of them so they
will give in series 6s nine thousand
milliamp to this baby
let me
give you a brief overview of the
switches switch E is your flight mode
manual attitude hold GPS position hold
mode switch brrt edge to always make
sure this is up never ever keep it down
and try to fly it because as soon as
it's down it will activate the
return-to-home feature and your machine
try to come back so if it is down in
your triangle flight it's a certain
crash later okay switch see is your
intelligent orientation control course
lock point of interest and off okay
you're right climber should control the
camera gimbal tilt angle and left tremor
should control your camera gimbal hem
angle but right now we don't have a
gimbal sure I did not set it up now let
me turn the power on and do the compass
calibration
I haven't connected the motors for
compass calibration you can do it
without motors connected so I just
connect one battery to W camp once the W
came power up it will lock the
satellites and we'll go for compass
calibration
right now LED is blinking three times in
red this means no satellites locked as
soon as all the satellites are locked
when you're in manual position your LED
will start blinking
after that move the switch II a number
of times up and down and you will see
the or the LED has changed to a bluish
color so it's I'll just call it boom now
I will rotate the quad of the B after
360 degree horizontally and until the
LED changes color
okay it change to green
put the head down
rotate and a change to solid white it is
solid white
now you can disconnect the power and
your accomplice calibration is done well
this machine is really big to do
calibration from yellow anyway so
calibration is done now will power up
motors and everything and give it a
flight here we go
you